Add tut guide (#1800)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/contributing/tutorial-guidelines.md

## Concepts

Conceptual information describes elements of the API, how they work, and when to use them. If a tutorial requires lengthy explanations before or during the programming tasks, consider how you might separate the exposition into a new topic, or link to existing topics that set the proper context. 

For example, three paragraphs of context and a single line of code would be a concept, not a tutorial.

## Tutorials

Tutorials begin with sample code that illustrates best practices for implementing a feature. They take the developer step-by-step through the development process, explaining the purpose of each block of code.

Tutorials further combine a number of features to work together to solve a business problem. They describe the straightforward sunny day path to complete a task. Then, the tutorial might suggest modifications that let the developer try several different scenarios. Due to their focus on a certain limited scope of behavior, tutorials should not require extensive troubleshooting information.

## Use Cases

> Use cases describe how to pull together features of the XRPL to create a practical application that solves a business problem. They provide context and assistance with the decision making process for what elements to include, then provide links to the appropriate topics for each step of implementation. 

Reviewer: I spotted an opportunity to make this paragraph even more concise. (Totally optional)

```suggestion
Use cases describe how to pull together multiple features to create a practical application that solves a business problem. They provide context and assistance with the decision making process, then provide links to the appropriate topics for each step of implementation. 
```
